Using symlinks on Windows to compile containers-tests (#941)
haskell/containers: CONTRIBUTING.md

cabal bench containers-test
```

> #### For Windows users : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### For Windows users
```

To compile `containers-test`, you need symbolic links to be activated on git.
To do so on Windows 10 or higher, follow these steps:

1. Activate developer mode in your Windows preferences
2. Enable git symlinks: `git config --global core.symlinks true`
3. Clone the repository again once git is properly configured

> 

Reviewer: Could you put a period at the end of each step?

> To compile `containers-test`, you need symbolic links to be activated on git.
> To do so on Windows 10 on higher, follow these steps :
> 
> 1. Activate developper mode on in your Windows preferences
> 2. Enable git symlinks : `git config --global core.symlinks true`
> 3. Clone the repository again once git is properly configured

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To compile `containers-test`, you need symbolic links to be activated on git.
To do so on Windows 10 or higher, follow these steps:

1. Activate developer mode in your Windows preferences
2. Enable git symlinks: `git config --global core.symlinks true`
3. Clone the repository again once git is properly configured
```

Reviewer: Let's put this in a separate Windows section so people running Linux, OSX, etc., don't get confused.
